we caught up with the couple's to ask
them about their crews show nerves well
this is Broadway weekend its first-ever
on Strictly obviously I'm feeling very
very whoever Spencer morrow night again
nerves bagger names but just do my best
not too badly off weren't really hard
Natalie's really work this week so you
know the day I always perform so I just
hope the crowds gonna like it now all
the judges are gonna like it Craig is my
target I want him to love it Lynn is not
gonna like it so much because it got not
pretty not enough content for him but as
long as you guys at home love what I'm
trying to do I'm gonna be very happy man
I feel very good at tomorrow night we've
got a feminist tango and it go to be
marvelous I'm so nervous about tomorrow
and I'm petrified absolutely terrified
but hopefully a lot okay